ou light up my life
You make the plain magnificent
You make the ordinary extraordinary
You bring light to a dark world
You make the dull shiny
You make my heart sing
You bring me much joy
You bring me much happiness
You are the fairest of them all
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy, when skies are gray
It is a better to share a silence with you, than philharmonic with somebody else
I am sorry I needed to hurt you to find out how important you are for me
I appreciate a way how you are performing a job, but I am fascinating that you were never late in so many years
If loving you is wrong, then my heart just won't let me be right.
Baby, in your hands I found trust and comfort. In your arms I found happiness and joy. In your heart I found love that will last forever.
You are now, and always will be the only one in the world for me.
When love is right: you see it in each other's eyes, feel it in each other's arms, taste it in each others kiss and hold onto it with all your heart and soul.
If the only way to discover you is through crying, than I am willing to shed tears all my life.
The best thing that happened to me was to have a chance to be with you.
Words are useless, the only thought that comes to mind: you are too good to be true.
You are so cute, you deserve a flower every hour.
I'm so glad I found you.
I never thought you could be mine.
You have the most beautiful eyes in the world.
You make the world go around.
Being close to you is like being close to heaven.
Your words are like serenade.
I don't need any of the riches of this world if you love me.
I didn't know what love was until I met you.
Finding people like you is like finding a needle in a haystack.
No matter where you are in the world, my love will always bring you back.
Smile, smile, smile, always smile because you are the prettiest when you smile.
You are an angel of granddaughter/daughter/son/...
It's a blessing to have a grandma/son/nephew/... like you
I am so glad, we're friends! 
Of all the Moms/Pops/... in the world you stand out...
Thank you for sharing your thoughts with me
I want to thank you for teaching me so many valuable lessons
Thank you for teaching me that listening is just important as talking
I appreciate your help in this difficult and painful situation in my life because an understanding friend is better than a therapist
Was very hard to find you, but I made it and I would like to tell you how much I respect our relationship, because everyone needs someone with whom to share their secrets
Thank you for finishing my thought
Thank you for offering me your shoulder to cry on
Thank you my love - in our disagreements you teach me to deal with the current situation, not to bring up the past
I appreciate to be your co-worker. You teach me respect for myself, respect to others and responsibility for all my actions
